while out either internet people its bow
again so tonight we're gonna answer a
question we're going to answer a
question that keeps popping up mainly
from Republicans and it makes sense that
they don't really get the answer to this
the question is why is it that the house
was able to be partisan and the Senate
is supposed to be impartial and fair and
objective where did that crazy idea come
from it's a legit question from some
people because they may not know so
we're going to answer it the US
government has three co-equal branches
the legislative the judicial and the
executive they're all supposed to be
equal
however the House of Representatives and
the Senate are not equal the House of
Representatives was designed to be the
place for the young upstarts in the
Senate was supposed to be for older and
wiser people allow things to cool out
like cooler heads prevail there that was
the idea this is spelled out in the
Constitution you're going to notice a
pretty big difference here article 1
section 2 Clause 5 the House of
Representatives shall choose their
speaker and other officers and shall
have the sole power of impeachment okay
article 1 section 3 Clause 6 the Senate
shall have the sole power to try all
impeachments sounds familiar sounds
about the same C except the Senate has a
little bit more in it when sitting for
that purpose they shall be on oath or
affirmation why is it different because
it's literally different in the
Constitution it's spelled out
differently it's designed to be
different the Senate had a
constitutional obligation to be
impartial they betrayed that obligation
in my eyes they betrayed the
Constitution of the United States it's
real simple it is it's right there
it does not surprise me that many people
who have We the People as their profile
picture had never read the Constitution
though seems to be a growing trend the
other argument I would like to lay to
rest real quick is the idea that well he
was guilty but we didn't want to remove
him that also flies in the face of the
Constitution the relevant passionate
passage says shall be removed not can be
not could be if you wanna not could be
if it won't hurt your reelection chances
shall be shall be is legalese it means
must be the Senate failed to uphold the
Constitution . . it spelled out that's
why it was allowed to be different
because it's supposed to be different
because the houses the House of
Representative and the Senate they're
not the same they're designed to be
different they're designed in theory to
give everybody a voice the Senate bares
the most responsibility you can try to
spend this however you want but anytime
you say it all you're doing is telling
everybody around you that you've never
read the Constitution anyway it's just a
thought y'all have a good night